compose spec consistency (#20915)
docker/docker.github.io: content/reference/compose-file/build.md

```

The image builder can then rely on this to mount the SSH key during build.

> For illustration, [BuildKit extended syntax](https://github.com/moby/buildkit/blob/master/frontend/dockerfile/docs/reference.md#run---mounttypessh) can be used to mount the SSH key set by ID and access a secured resource:

Reviewer: there is no such thing as BuildKit extended syntax

```suggestion
For illustration, [SSH mounts](https://github.com/moby/buildkit/blob/master/frontend/dockerfile/docs/reference.md#run---mounttypessh) can be used to mount the SSH key set by ID and access a secured resource:
```
